README.md, before:

# **NOTICE**
Flash has been broken since the end of 2020. I've made a very comprehensive writeup and recreation of this trojan on my website here *https://theaviary.me/Idiot!/*. If you want the files, just wget mirror the website directory (you probably dont want the overview page, but the recreations page... you'll get what I mean when you go there lol) and you can probably grab everything there that you need. Note that in the writeup isn't just the original flash as you see here but an actual html5 recreation that works on IE, and sort of works on modern browsers :)

# What is Trojan.JS.Youareanidiot?
Trojan.JS.Youareanidiot is the literal meaning of life (along with 42 ofc). See [danooct1's video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSgk7ctw1HY) for a demonstration. If link is broken (i.e. video/youtube account associated with the video dies), use *archive.org*. If all comes to naught just message me and I'll send you a torrent/download of it ig.

# What this repository contains...
This repository contains 2 folders. 

  1) The "offline" version, where all (haha "all") of the required files and flash installer are supplied withing the `<name>_files` folder the html is referenced to. Of course, the og embeds are without actual http links, so I've commented them out. You can add your own online homepage/site and links to the idiot.png embed for cool sharing embeds on a sharing platform such as Discord or Twitter. Again, I've put that part in a comment bracket in the .html file so it should be pretty obvious to spot and edit.

  2) The "online" version, which does not contain the required flash installers and idiot.png for reference from the html in `<name>_files`. Instead it links to the online flash macromedia installers which will probably be broken in a few months (In case you lived under a rock, 2021 when Flash support ends completely, and all major browsers will remove Flash compatability from them... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA). idiot.png is included in a link which refers to the image file within the `/Mostly Local/` directory of this repo. You can change this as you wish if you manage to host the image. Ofc the online homepage/site meta is still in comments for obvious reasons in the .html file. This should be also pretty obvious to edit.

*Note*: Your antivirus will probably remove you.js as malware (confirmed with Trend Micro Antivirus, Malwarebytes, and Windows Defender), so turn off your antivirus when extracting and keep it in a safe place where antivirus can't touch it (exceptions list).

# Brief overview and history...
There was this internet page in around 2006 (youareanidiot.org, check on archive.org snapshots for when the malicious ActiveX JavaScript was last present) where if you went on there, you would be greeted with the meaning of life (you are an idiot). This is a recreation of the webpage (preferrably for Windows 10 I suppose lol).

*Suggestion*: Try in a VM. If not, make sure to have task manager at the ready or you will be met with very "convenient" stuff to take care of :).

*Note*: For the best effect, I would suggest you try this in a browser that will not block flash by default, and/or prompt the user to allow flash every time a window opens(i.e. Internet Explorer all versions, or Firefox 2016- portable from [portableapps' Firefox sourceforge link](https://sourceforge.net/projects/portableapps/files/Mozilla%20Firefox%2C%20Portable%20Ed./). The link will probably be dead in a few years, so just use *archive.org* or contact me or smth ig to get it. For reference, I am using "FirefoxPortableESR_45.6.0_English.paf.exe" released on 2016-12-15), and have ActiveX scripting enabled without prompt. 

*Results after testing both browsers*: 
  - After installing the Flash plugin and calibrating Internet Explorer 11.630.19041.0 to allow all local ActiveX scripts to run without prompt, it works majestically. The Flash embed will play while the windows itself will bounce around, and after waiting a few seconds, a group of new, small tabs will appear and bounce around the screen with the same flash embed. If the user decides to use the ctrl+w or the alt+f4 shortcuts to close the windows(or press ctrl, alt, w, or f4 independently), a popup will appear with the message of "you are an idiot", and after closing will spawn a group of small tabs that bounce and have the Flash embed. If things get too clutterred, one can close iexplorer.exe with task manager.
   
  - Firefox 45.6.0 (or any lower version) Portable will be less effective at showing the effect of the you.js. After installing the Flash Plugin, and tweaking a few settings to allow ActiveX, openning Idiot!.html will open with the flash embed without bouncing around. After waiting a few seconds, a few medium-large tabs will appear, Flash embeds playing, and 3-4 small tabs with the Flash embeds will appear and bounce around. Attempting to close these tabs with the shortcuts ctrl+w or alt+f4 will actually close them without initiating the message "you are an idiot" and subsequent popups resulting from closing the message. These shortcuts will not work on the main page when you.js is not making new popups, but during the process when it is making new popups, it is succeptible to the close tab shortcuts.

# Browser setup.
  - Internet Explorer (preferrably v11.x.x.x): 
Go to settings, click on advanced, scroll down to security, and check the box that says, "allow active content to run in files on my computer". Then go to the pricacy tab and disable the pop-up blocker. Lastly, install flash plugin (haha RIP 2021 people).

  - Firefox (v45.6.0 or lower) portable: 
Install flash plugin (lol 2021 go brrr). Go to settings, and briefly look through everything making sure it allows ActiveX.

# Become the idiot!
Turn off antivirus. Download the code in this repository and unzip it into a folder where your antivirus will not scan. Right click on "Idiot!.html", select "open with", and click either on Firefox 2016- portable, or Internet Explorer(preferred browser versions specified above). *Preferrably IE since the JavaScript was written for IE.* The Flash embed breaking the sad news to you that you are an idiot will appear. Now wait for a few seconds, and suddenly 4 bouncy windows with the same embed flash will appear. Keep waiting and more windows will pop up, until at last, all of your CPU and RAM will be consumed, and your computer will crash. OR you open task manager and close the browser. Either way tho your ears will die.

***HOWEVER***, if you try to exit out of the tab with the shortcuts ctrl+w, alt+f4, or press the delete button, a cute little alert will intercept that shortcut with the message of "You are an idiot" (no closing tabs 4 u haha), and then wallah!, 4 more bouncy tabs telling that you are an idiot will appear.

# HELP! HOW DO I STOP BECOMING IDIOT?!
You can't. :-)

<sup>jkjkjk just use task manager to close the broswer (iexplorer.exe or firefox.exe or something like that). I suggest you open task manager before openning the Idiot!.html tho cause it will be hard to open task manager with the windows flying. You can also use the terminal with the taskkill command.<sup>

# It's 2021. How to get it to work?
I give a comprehensive overview on how to get it working on my website *https://theaviary.me/Idiot!/*.

  - Internet Explorer: Uninstall the remove flash disabling update. I believe in you that if you got windows before 2021 you will eventually find a way to revert it. Ask reddit or something if you are actually stuck 😂. If you can't because you installed Windows with media made after 2020 then sucks to be you I guess ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯. Still though you'll find a way I'm sure 😎.

  - Firefox 2016- portable: You're good. If you don't have it, download it from the link supplied above. If the link is down, then message me for a torrent/download of the files or something but idk tbh.

# Disclaimer!!!
Everything here in this repository has been made for educational purposes, with the more destructive aspects of it assumed to only be viewed and/or ran in a controlled testing environment only. I do ***NOT*** enourage people to do something like this themselves/to themselves. ***NEVER*** use malware, or anything that is, but no limited to, malware, anything remotely capable of destroying computers, or even "joke programs" *on your own or other people's computers*, not even with their consent, as this can have bad, unforeseen consequences.

Commit message:

Update README with 2025 Internet Explorer notice
Added an update about Internet Explorer's status in 2025.

README.md, after:

# **NOTICE**
Flash has been broken since the end of 2020. I've made a very comprehensive writeup and recreation of this trojan on my website here *https://theaviary.me/Idiot!/*. If you want the files, just wget mirror the website directory (you probably dont want the overview page, but the recreations page... you'll get what I mean when you go there lol) and you can probably grab everything there that you need. Note that in the writeup isn't just the original flash as you see here but an actual html5 recreation that works on IE, and sort of works on modern browsers :)

Update 2025: Lmfao Internet Explorer is also gone from windows. Well, there's methods to get it back, so just google it ig. Man time flies

# What is Trojan.JS.Youareanidiot?
Trojan.JS.Youareanidiot is the literal meaning of life (along with 42 ofc). See [danooct1's video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSgk7ctw1HY) for a demonstration. If link is broken (i.e. video/youtube account associated with the video dies), use *archive.org*. If all comes to naught just message me and I'll send you a torrent/download of it ig.

# What this repository contains...
This repository contains 2 folders. 

  1) The "offline" version, where all (haha "all") of the required files and flash installer are supplied withing the `<name>_files` folder the html is referenced to. Of course, the og embeds are without actual http links, so I've commented them out. You can add your own online homepage/site and links to the idiot.png embed for cool sharing embeds on a sharing platform such as Discord or Twitter. Again, I've put that part in a comment bracket in the .html file so it should be pretty obvious to spot and edit.

  2) The "online" version, which does not contain the required flash installers and idiot.png for reference from the html in `<name>_files`. Instead it links to the online flash macromedia installers which will probably be broken in a few months (In case you lived under a rock, 2021 when Flash support ends completely, and all major browsers will remove Flash compatability from them... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA). idiot.png is included in a link which refers to the image file within the `/Mostly Local/` directory of this repo. You can change this as you wish if you manage to host the image. Ofc the online homepage/site meta is still in comments for obvious reasons in the .html file. This should be also pretty obvious to edit.

*Note*: Your antivirus will probably remove you.js as malware (confirmed with Trend Micro Antivirus, Malwarebytes, and Windows Defender), so turn off your antivirus when extracting and keep it in a safe place where antivirus can't touch it (exceptions list).

# Brief overview and history...
There was this internet page in around 2006 (youareanidiot.org, check on archive.org snapshots for when the malicious ActiveX JavaScript was last present) where if you went on there, you would be greeted with the meaning of life (you are an idiot). This is a recreation of the webpage (preferrably for Windows 10 I suppose lol).

*Suggestion*: Try in a VM. If not, make sure to have task manager at the ready or you will be met with very "convenient" stuff to take care of :).

*Note*: For the best effect, I would suggest you try this in a browser that will not block flash by default, and/or prompt the user to allow flash every time a window opens(i.e. Internet Explorer all versions, or Firefox 2016- portable from [portableapps' Firefox sourceforge link](https://sourceforge.net/projects/portableapps/files/Mozilla%20Firefox%2C%20Portable%20Ed./). The link will probably be dead in a few years, so just use *archive.org* or contact me or smth ig to get it. For reference, I am using "FirefoxPortableESR_45.6.0_English.paf.exe" released on 2016-12-15), and have ActiveX scripting enabled without prompt. 

*Results after testing both browsers*: 
  - After installing the Flash plugin and calibrating Internet Explorer 11.630.19041.0 to allow all local ActiveX scripts to run without prompt, it works majestically. The Flash embed will play while the windows itself will bounce around, and after waiting a few seconds, a group of new, small tabs will appear and bounce around the screen with the same flash embed. If the user decides to use the ctrl+w or the alt+f4 shortcuts to close the windows(or press ctrl, alt, w, or f4 independently), a popup will appear with the message of "you are an idiot", and after closing will spawn a group of small tabs that bounce and have the Flash embed. If things get too clutterred, one can close iexplorer.exe with task manager.
   
  - Firefox 45.6.0 (or any lower version) Portable will be less effective at showing the effect of the you.js. After installing the Flash Plugin, and tweaking a few settings to allow ActiveX, openning Idiot!.html will open with the flash embed without bouncing around. After waiting a few seconds, a few medium-large tabs will appear, Flash embeds playing, and 3-4 small tabs with the Flash embeds will appear and bounce around. Attempting to close these tabs with the shortcuts ctrl+w or alt+f4 will actually close them without initiating the message "you are an idiot" and subsequent popups resulting from closing the message. These shortcuts will not work on the main page when you.js is not making new popups, but during the process when it is making new popups, it is succeptible to the close tab shortcuts.

# Browser setup.
  - Internet Explorer (preferrably v11.x.x.x): 
Go to settings, click on advanced, scroll down to security, and check the box that says, "allow active content to run in files on my computer". Then go to the pricacy tab and disable the pop-up blocker. Lastly, install flash plugin (haha RIP 2021 people).

  - Firefox (v45.6.0 or lower) portable: 
Install flash plugin (lol 2021 go brrr). Go to settings, and briefly look through everything making sure it allows ActiveX.

# Become the idiot!
Turn off antivirus. Download the code in this repository and unzip it into a folder where your antivirus will not scan. Right click on "Idiot!.html", select "open with", and click either on Firefox 2016- portable, or Internet Explorer(preferred browser versions specified above). *Preferrably IE since the JavaScript was written for IE.* The Flash embed breaking the sad news to you that you are an idiot will appear. Now wait for a few seconds, and suddenly 4 bouncy windows with the same embed flash will appear. Keep waiting and more windows will pop up, until at last, all of your CPU and RAM will be consumed, and your computer will crash. OR you open task manager and close the browser. Either way tho your ears will die.

***HOWEVER***, if you try to exit out of the tab with the shortcuts ctrl+w, alt+f4, or press the delete button, a cute little alert will intercept that shortcut with the message of "You are an idiot" (no closing tabs 4 u haha), and then wallah!, 4 more bouncy tabs telling that you are an idiot will appear.

# HELP! HOW DO I STOP BECOMING IDIOT?!
You can't. :-)

<sup>jkjkjk just use task manager to close the broswer (iexplorer.exe or firefox.exe or something like that). I suggest you open task manager before openning the Idiot!.html tho cause it will be hard to open task manager with the windows flying. You can also use the terminal with the taskkill command.<sup>

# It's 2021. How to get it to work?
I give a comprehensive overview on how to get it working on my website *https://theaviary.me/Idiot!/*.

  - Internet Explorer: Uninstall the remove flash disabling update. I believe in you that if you got windows before 2021 you will eventually find a way to revert it. Ask reddit or something if you are actually stuck 😂. If you can't because you installed Windows with media made after 2020 then sucks to be you I guess ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯. Still though you'll find a way I'm sure 😎.

  - Firefox 2016- portable: You're good. If you don't have it, download it from the link supplied above. If the link is down, then message me for a torrent/download of the files or something but idk tbh.

# Disclaimer!!!
Everything here in this repository has been made for educational purposes, with the more destructive aspects of it assumed to only be viewed and/or ran in a controlled testing environment only. I do ***NOT*** enourage people to do something like this themselves/to themselves. ***NEVER*** use malware, or anything that is, but no limited to, malware, anything remotely capable of destroying computers, or even "joke programs" *on your own or other people's computers*, not even with their consent, as this can have bad, unforeseen consequences.
